docs: add link - issue#1790 (#2027)
umbraco/UmbracoDocs: Tutorials/Creating-a-Property-Editor/index.md

This loads in our external dependency, but only when it's needed by the editor.

> Note: Visit the [Property Editors page](https://our.umbraco.com/documentation/Extending/Property-Editors/) for more helpful information about extending this service.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note: Visit the [Property Editors page](https://our.umbraco.com/documentation/Extending/Property-Editors/) for more details about extending this service.
```
